you ready this is so we get to just see
the cool chair Cooper look there's the
cool chair I'm gonna stay with you I'll
be right here next to you okay
sit right here where you can see me okay
would you like bubble gum flavored
toothpaste okay that sounds good to you
that's what we'll use
is that bright light we told you about
you're a great location I wish they were
all this good I sure would have a lot
easier job be VP you're such a big boy
we're gonna have to let you go to the
treasure chest you get a problem you get
them okay okay let's see how they look
baby check your claim how are you let's
take a peek Cooper and see see how plain
miss iris got those teeth for you okay
you